Added docs on append only replication (#11974)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/sources/index.mdx

The one downside to incremental syncing is that deletions of data won't be synced to your PostHog data warehouse. You need to use full table refreshes for this.

### Append only

> Append only does what it says on the tin: just append rows to your table. We use a cursor in the form of an incremental field (similar to incremental syncing above) to query the source for new data. But we won't merge any rows - this can cause duplicate data if you're using an incremental field that can change. To avoid this, we recommend using a timestamp field like `created_at`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append only does what it says on the tin: append rows to your table. 

We use a cursor in the form of an incremental field (similar to incremental syncing above) to query the source for new data. This replication method won't merge any rows, but this can cause duplicate data if you're using an incremental field that can change. To avoid this, we recommend using a timestamp field like `created_at`.
```

> This replication method is ideal for tables where rows are never updated, only added. A common example is an event log table, where each new event is recorded as a new row and existing records remain unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append only is ideal for tables where rows are never updated, only added. A common example is an event log table, where each new event is recorded as a new row and existing records remain unchanged.
```
